fix: removed step 28 and fixed issue #44836 (#44856)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-the-css-box-model-by-building-a-rothko-painting/step-040.md

---
id: 60a3e3396c7b40068ad69992
title: Step 40
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-40
---

# --description--

The corners of each rectangle are still too sharp.

Round each corner of `.one` by 9 pixels with `border-radius: 9px;`.

# --hints--

> You should set the `border-radius` property to `9px`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Round each corner of the `.one` element by 9 pixels, using the `border-radius` property.
```
